hello everybody good morning to you
today's a great day I am like feeling so
rested I had the longest sleep last
night and it was so good I went to bed
early I had what I call a lion-like I
got up at 7:45 and yes that is a lion
because normally I'm up at ungodly hours
for rowing outings and I've got some
cereal I've had time for breakfast this
morning it's great I'm still looking to
be on time for lectures at 9 o'clock
this morning the plan is to leave here
at 8:45 because I'm walking to my
lectures because I prefer walking to
cycling I have discovered and that takes
about 10 minutes and I want to leave me
a bit of time to spare if I aim for
quarter 2 I'll actually leave at 10:00 2
which is exactly why 1 and apart from
that it's an exciting weekend but those
of activities planned work is under
control things are going good yeah
between lectures I went and worked in a
library near to my lecture theatre I
also spent some time looking over
arrangements for my rowing race the next
day I am in Jesus w-2 about 10 minutes
before my next lecture was due to start
I packed up my stuff and headed over to
the lecture theatre
so we're currently waiting for the
projector to Walmart because the
selection theater is broken in every way
it's very old the projector doesn't work
hopefully the lecture starts soon we'll
see since how did I 6 mowgli short unnie
- on account any honest
hey everybody so I'm back from lectures
and it wasn't okay morning of lectures
you know I'm still in quite a good mood
today I've just been to CAF but I didn't
like what CAF had on offer today at
lunchtime so I literally just got the
flapjack and left and I'm just about to
make myself a sandwich
so our funny story I've just checked my
pigeonhole and look at this I've got a
Valentine's card except it's a fake
so my friends have put a card in my
pigeonhole and signed it from Yuja and
I've seen as a card in DJ's pigeonhole
which I'm willing to bet is signed from
me so it's nice of them to spread the
love and all that and you know what I'm
touched
I've got a Valentine's Day card whether
it's genuine or not I'm gonna take it
yes they think they can fool me no no
mastermind here sees right through their
plan hey everyone so slight update prank
wars have been initiated so I've spoken
with Yuja he hasn't actually been to his
pigeonhole yet but I've informed him of
the situation at hand and I've seen a
dad who's been snickering seen we'll
also been snickering I saw Emma giggling
to herself yesterday evening so prime
suspects behind this Oh Emma will an ad
Mia need you I need to strike back we
need to think of a good prank it hasn't
come to me yet but it will prank wars
are on but actually quite excited this
is quite fun and you actually would you
workhorse afternoon I am actually going
to Robinson formal this evening I've got
a supervision till 6:15 so I'm actually
gonna have to do my makeup before my
supervisions that I'm ready in time
because we're leaving here at 6:30 and I
need to be like changed so I've got
about 10 minutes after my soup Oh to get
myself sorted okay so me and you two
have got our revenge don't you worry
guys so we've sent an email from Emma's
female account to both Edie and will
individually saying like hey sorry for
this long email but I really want to get
this off my chest and then we've said
the longest email ever basically she
complains about us all she's proper like
complaining about every single member of
the staircase in this email and then she
goes I'm sorry to dump this all on you
the confession of love Sun engulf Emma
and that's been sent to both ed and will
they're gonna read it and they're gonna
be like it's really funny but yeah got
you guys me and Taylor walking to our
soup oh and oh my god is daylight at
this time what time is it like it's
about quarter past five and it's light
outside this makes me so happy I like
more hours of daylight as you can see
I've put my makeup on because I've got
to go to for more like straight after
this supervision I've got a I've got a
run I've got about ten minutes to get
myself changed after this supervision
and then I've got to go and it's gonna
be interesting because this supervision
has a tendency to overrun so I think
it's cross we're on time today very
exciting just about made it as I
expected my supervision ran over I
managed to excuse myself I was like I'm
sorry I'm gonna have to run off but I've
made it here now exactly everyone was
rushing back to get ready we may not
look ready right now I mean I realize
I'm in a big coat I've got my tracksuit
bottoms on but underneath it's my
dazzling huh so this was my second time
attending a Robinson formal and we had
such a nice time we were visiting a few
friends who studied the same courses us
at Robinson college I ended up with a
vegetarian ticket by some
miscommunication but actually it was the
best formal meal I've ever had this
could be a sign that I should go
vegetarian
right yeah nice
[Music]
that's it
[Applause]
[Music]
okay so we're just picking up my stuff
and we're about to walk back to college
unfortunately it's like about 20 minutes
walk back to Jesus we're still very good
thank you to Maisy for glittering me ah
yeah it's been a good evening gonna walk
bad I'm gonna have a lion tomorrow
morning these guys aren't because they
have so jokes on record yes their
lectures are recorded my lectures aren't
recorded chemistry are recorded it's
ridiculous we do physics well yeah but
you're a bit both either a net bit low
so does Jacob yeah but that's that we're
gonna walk back see you later
so I don't know if I mentioned but we
are at Robinson College of seasoning
it's more important college than Jazz's
but it is quite nice and they have great
box probably better box than Jesus to be
honest hello that's fun and this is
Robinson by night here's Robin
morning guys so I'm just about to head
off to the boathouse this morning I've
got a rowing race this morning it's like
a side-by-side rowing race and then
there's round so it's knockout you
basically it's another boat if you lose
you go home if you win you spin and then
you race again against a different crew
and then there's like round 1 round 2
quarterfinal semi final final so I don't
know how long I'm gonna be today because
I don't know how my crews gonna do we'll
see I have got work to do this afternoon
and it's halfway cool this evening and
obviously I'm going to take a while
preparing for halfway whoo and getting
myself ready halfway who is the big
dinner that we have in who land drinks
reception and bought this evening and
it's to celebrate being halfway through
our degree because we're a year and a
half into our 3 year degree except a lot
of us are actually planning on doing
four years I'm not sure at the moment
whether I'm going to do a three year or
four year degree I don't know whether I
want the Masters yet or not I don't
really know what my future career plans
are I need to sort that out but so this
may or may not be halfway through my
degree but anyway is a big marker
majority of my gear group are all going
to this event so I'm really excited
this evening it's black tie we're all
getting dressed up but obviously I've
got a lot of time to get ready for it
and I've got work that I need to get
done this afternoon so hopefully these
races don't take too long but also I'd
like to win and here was my view on the
river cam between races spoiler alert we
won a few of the rounds here's my little
cook sing set up with my gadgets please
ignore the state of my shoes we went to
a really muddy race the week before and
I haven't got around to cleaning them
okay everyone I'm back from my rowing
race I've literally just got back and
sat down in my room I've grabbed myself
a toastie it's quite late but that's
what happens when you're on the river
all morning and into the early afternoon
so the race was ok we won our first two
rounds but we lost in the semi-finals
which was a shame but also I was like
yes it means I can go for lunch it was a
close one it was tough like in that
third round when we lost like I see the
other boat moving awareness like no come
on guys with these knockout things like
only one person's gonna win out of
however many crews entered and like
there was lots of crews it's about ten
of us so we did well we came I reckon we
came in third place I think we were
faster than the other boat that was in
the semis that lost I'm a bit worried
now because it is like past 2:30 and I
need to be getting ready for half way
who at 5:30 latest and that leaves me
like three hours from now
to like get work done and obviously I've
been on the river all morning like I
haven't got any other work done today
and I just feel like two three hours of
work is not enough on a weekend but I've
just had all this rowing stuff well and
half a haul this evening that I can't
really do much about it so I'm gonna do
as much as I can in this time gonna eat
lunch first and then I'm going to just
prepare knuckle down and make the most
of the two-three hours I have because
it's better than nothing and then we
just could have really focused tomorrow
to get all my work done for the weekend
[Music]
okay everyone so I'm gonna start working
now and get ready for halfway home
because I've got about an hour to get
ready and I feel like I need that to get
ready I've done some good work this
afternoon so that's good the effort I've
got to put makeup on I've got to put my
dress on hopefully it's all going to
come together I'm ready
tada we're ready to go so excited I'm
gonna head off
[Music]
there was a slight situation they ran
out of alcohol they here was the menu
for halfway home the food was very good
the college truffles in particular were
a highlight the table over another table
divided in the group we like this guy's
mom I am looking
no looking forward to the evening of
course we had bread to start and then I
was a little concerned at first about
what I got served for starter here's the
corrected version I guess the meat is
easily forgotten the main course was
caught the dinner was held in the main
College Hall this is where we go for
regular formal dinners as well and I can
confirm this dessert tasted as good as
it looked
wine is good I'm still caught in the
line going on this is why and then we've
got pork coming as well and we've got
this light music I don't know you can
hear it it's like
yeah
the rice directly
[Applause]
[Music]
my teeth whether it's halfway or not
four degrees you want to celebrate so
we're going to the book afterwards
everyone the time to the speeches I'll
say on here to thank you to everyone who
was involved in organizing the event it
was a really enjoyable evening so Tim
has the best time
home
[Music]
none of the guys in the spirit I - tie a
bowtie
she just entire bowtie and then they had
awards given out and I won an award so
here I was plugging in excitement so we
are at the ball I have will and Jacob
with me and we're having a bad time
people behind me they're having a bad
time hopefully dancing starts soon we
will have three tequila shots at the
park when they say warrior ooh yeah I
mean when I say three we all cake like
what 40 pounds our tickets 54 pounds
approximately it's a ripoff it's a
ripoff
all the other coaches have it free and
Jesus whatever we're having a great time
I'm just going to say at this point that
actually the price wasn't too bad for
what it was it's just we're really used
to having subsidized student rates given
to us by college so it was a bit of a
shock when we were charged the normal
conference rates however if people do
have financial issues the college is
usually very good with helping out for
example arm a bull tickets are
subsidized this year for people who have
the cambridge bursary I can honestly say
we are treated very very very well at
Jesus College and have very little that
we can honestly complain about so please
ignore our slightly tipsy bronze and I'm
the biggest B log here so
and be not by the way stands for biggest
name was Hanson you're a big name on a
computer now screen say to people like
oh nasty from Jesus they say do you know
well they don't say do you know page
they said do you know well so well maybe
not but another than that
I don't think I am I've just been told
okay so we're gonna leave it there but
like let's just go this will be Knox and
be done with it
[Music]
[Applause]
oh my gosh
everybody so Sunday morning and I'm
working I've managed to drag myself out
of bed and I've got to do work I've not
got a rowing outing until late this
afternoon which is actually good cause
it means I can get a solid morning of
working I've also got a few admin bits I
need to get done I've already done a few
admin bits this morning so that's good
and yeah halfway Hall was so much fun
last night such a good time food was
great dessert was so good and I got an
award I don't know if you actually kind
of got the gist of what was going on but
essentially I won the award for the
biggest B knock B knock means a big name
on campus and apparently that's me
I'll take it I love an award it's gonna
go on my notice board up there also my
halfway Hall dinner menu is also going
to go up on my notice board so yeah I've
left space as you can see for things
like this I'm going to accumulate
throughout term so I'm gonna pin those
up in a moment and get working the other
really excellent news is it's a lovely
day today well that really failed you
can not see outside wait come on there
we go see you can see some sunshine it's
a beautiful day yeah it's suddenly
warming up the weather is getting better
we are coming out of the Ice Age and
into spring hopefully and it's great
because we all know I hate the hold
weather and I will complain bitterly
about the cold weather so yes it's
getting sunny in Cambridge again
[Music]
hey peeps I've just made myself the
perfect tuner March Hosty I'm really
looking forward to eating a bit okay
afternoon I've obviously been on the
river and as you might have been able to
tell I decided not to go on my swap this
evening did I mention I had to swap if I
didn't I was supposed to have a swap
this evening a swap is like a social
thing it was out a restaurant with other
people from the Boat Club and it was
like socializing with another College
Boat Club except I've got work and I'm
tired like I'm so tired and I've had
stuff on that the past two nights and
yeah I mean there's other boaty socials
to go to in future weeks so yeah just a
chilly evening getting work done
okay and I'm off to those Monday morning
lectures start of the week it's a pretty
uneventful day today I'm planning on
lectures and then all afternoon I'm
gonna go to the Jesus library and I'm
also gonna leave my phone in my room
when I go to the library so I can I'd
like literally cannot be possibly
distracted because I really want to
focus after noon of work and my phone
distracts me like it happens to the best
of us so that's upon me and now there
have come to Sainsbury's
I bought a selection of chocolate treats
others getting properly and salmon
probably more nutritious hello to the
blog so I'm making a toasty Ella is
making potatoes in butter using a spoon
which she does not have a lid for but
it's all been rectified and I can hear
my toasty bubbling away the cheese is
melting yum yum yum and then in the
afternoon after lectures I decided in
the end not to go to the library now
don't judge me I know I was adamant I
was going to the library I was doing
focused work but actually I did get
focused work done in my room and I
filmed myself on my phone so I couldn't
go on my phone even if I wanted to I
then went over to the Jesus cafe and
worked for an hour or so in there in the
late afternoon and then in the evening
it was time for my favorite pastime
hey everyone another new segment today
I'm gonna do guest star I'm doing by
tisha we're gonna kick this off by
asking you show your future career I'm
thinking I'm pretty sure one of your
masters for the fourth year okay beyond
that it one subject in chemistry mm-hmm
something max in chemistry this year as
a second genie get specialized as you
probably know somebody must have kept
you this year and then next year for
with the chemistry then after that is a
Jaffa Cake a biscuit or a cake
[Music]
right okay is the Jaffa Cake a biscuit
or okay I mean I guess is I is a cake
what's the texture is somebody you
expect a biscuit to me a bit like Coach
you pull it down below your feet amongst
what's the worst thing about being a
Cambridge and you can't say that it's
stressful or complain about the workload
accord with this class um they're quite
tough like we like to keep it real in
this channel so I thought let's write
this questioning because you know what
we usually positive but might might
disagree but for me it's probably the
nightlife so no if you try to make the
best of in Cambridge but the clubs are
kind of small and they're not great but
a lot of people like this whole thing
but the music and thus like every week
you've made the most of a I've been
seeing my friends I like make sure that
your friends go to other you knees like
Leeds and Manchester but it's fine
because Haley but like staircase and the
socialized different people like
Cambridge has its yes that's one thing
that you will never guess what do you do
when you feel like giving up because of
the
[Music]
yeah so it's a Tuesday the plan today is
a rowing outing right now and then
coming back handy and some work having
some breakfast and then heading straight
on over to the physics labs for a
physics lab all day until 5:45 and then
I've got some lights to do this evening
so it's gonna be quite a long day but
I'm ready for it I'm up one time for
this rowing outing somehow I'm gonna
cycle over to the boathouse I'm feeling
my throat's gone a little bit like
there's been ill nice going around my
staircase so should be interesting
hopefully I have a voice for the whole
of this rowing outing and then I went
ahead and went about my day and as
expected it was very hectic and very
long and the vlogging end is there for
this week but thank you so much for
watching please give the video a like if
you enjoyed it please do subscribe and
I'll see you next week with another
video
[Music]